SLFF7 RP Community: Special Character Application Kiru Sauber]
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    By filling out this form, you are applying for a special character for use in the SLFF7 RP Community. Do you want to play a cat, a child, a robot, etc? Do you want your existing character to have a special ability that they've picked up during RP? Then this application form is for you!
    First, read the sim rules.
    Second, fill out this application form completely. Please answer each question to the best of your ability, and in the best English you can muster. If you are applying for a special race, please include photos of your avatar. This will assist in helping us make our judgment.
    Once the form is complete, replace the [Your Name Here] part of the note card's title with YOUR complete Second Life name. Remember, failure to do so may result in your application being ignored.
    Finally, find a GM and send them your Special Character Application. SLFF7 GMs will do their best to get back to you as soon as possible. If you do not receive a response within 7 days, feel free to start IM a GM or Arbiter to inquire about the status of your application.
     Please do not play the character that you are applying for, before your application is approved. Doing so may result in the denial of your application.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Your Second Life Name:Kiru Sauber

Character Name: Kiru Geneford

Character Age: 31

Describe what you are applying for (Special Race? Higher tier HUD? Special Ability? Etc...):

It's complicated. But I shall explain as best as I can.

I am, essentially, applying for a story. Its implementation must be delicate, tasteful, and well executed.

What my intention has been for this character is to create an adaptation of his original story from Jenova Crisis without adding needless complexity. Since this sim and JC run on different timelines, it made sense to take a more friendly approach rather than rehash what people either loved or hated.

For those of you who don't know, Kiru's original storyline involved him being an experiment as an arcane construct created by use of both magic and science to resurrect an entity from the memories contained within a materia. Obviously, this had many several implications and conjecture, but I purposely left it ambiguous for the sake of giving a mystery and story for others for it. No one had to know the details, but they could be explored and even fully uncovered by those curious enough.

But this had its issues as well, particularly that "if he is of a materia, does that mean he can cast the spells he was made from innately" or "what time period is he from? Does this make him a cetra by proxy?"

This of course lended itself to bad words being said and general shenanigans, which was never my intention in the first place.

So for this, the challenge is keeping that mystery and story without sparking (as much) drama. And I believe I've managed to sate that balance.

The only ability I'm bringing back explicitly are his summoned blades. And I will explain the details of which below.

So, saying it up front: no, he is not able to cast without materia. In fact, using any materia outside of light, dark, and healing magic actually hurts his head and are flat out inert. His swords are the only exception, but they alone can't cast spells.

And second: while he has the elements that may suggest he is of an ancient origin, he is NOT one such entity. Otherwise, he's as human as any other character.  ...relatively speaking, considering the playerbase.

So, to recap, this app is for:

- Character backstory
- ...which involves a specific item (read also: plot device) which leads to...
- Kiru's signature ability - The Nox and Lux blades

Describe this character's appearance and body (What does your character look like? Etc.):

Have a picture.  It's easier.  This thing is already long enough anyways.

http://i.imgur.com/pzj9CHh.png

Describe this character's attitude and personality (What does your character act like? How do they treat others? What do they like to do? Is your character violent or kind-hearted? Etc.):

Confident, joyful, compassionate, and determined, the fengoat's personality is clearly defined and robust.  Influenced heavily by his upbringing, Kiru strives to better himself in any way possible, particularly the physical.  He carries a great deal of pride in his stature and strength, but he never puts himself above anyone because of it.
 
His approach to life is direct; willing and ready to take chances, make mistakes, and get messy.  He gives up no opportunity to experience something new and even does his best to include others in on the fun as well.  He wants to share his happiness with others, and with a booming genuine laughter compelling others to join in, he's well equipped for that.
 
However, on the other side of the spectrum, he is deeply moved by individuals and will give them his full attention without hesitation, no matter who they are.  Sometimes all someone needs is someone to listen.  One may even say he is an empath with a clear skill of reading others to the point of touching their soul.  ...or it could be that he just happens to be particularly good at his job, being a psychologist with a PHD.

Describe this character's history and past (Does your character have family? What do they do for a living? Where were they born? Etc.) :

Kiru Geneford is the adopted son of Vivian Geneford, a naturalist and mystic betraying her surname.  Under her direction and tutelage, he followed many passions when living within Junon, ultimately finding his own way through his mother's direction and exploration.  Though having difficulty in the use of materia, he found a passion in strengthening himself physically and mentally, relying on his own assets as a means to live.

When he was twenty years old and recently obtained admittance to the University of Junon, his mother suddenly vanished, leaving behind only an inert materia with a note saying "Never forget to love and forge your own legacy."  Unsure of what it all meant, the fengoat kept the discolored stone with him as a keepsake of his upbringing and the mother that loved him so.

Over the course of ten years, Kiru worked to obtain a PHD in psychology, finding his mother's empathy had rubbed off on him in becoming a part of him.  He now lives in Midgar, attempting to start up his own practice and 'forge his own legacy' as his mother told him.

But in the city of Midgar, danger lurks in various ways.  The threads of fate pull and shove normal individuals into extraordinary circumstances.  It could very well be the case that Kiru Geneford will become the right man in the wrong place.  Perhaps he may not simply forge a legacy but continue one he has carried for ten years, and slept for far longer...

~*~ SPOILERS ~*~

The materia given to him by his mother holds not magic but the spirit and echo of his ancestor: a templar who fought between good and evil, light and dark.  Vivian Geneford had held this materia for many years, following the 'voices' to find the one it could bond with, which she found to be the magically inept fengoat all those years ago.  

Since it has been on his person, it has lead to him having various nightmares and visions of this past life.  Though he has shaken them off as only such.  Slowly, it has resonated with the core of his being, which holds a heroic spark which is yet to be ignited.  It only waits for the right moment and the right circumstance to be unleashed and known.  And with it, the Templar's legacy will return in the hands of another.

List your character's advantages and special abilities:

Nox and Lux - Kiru's signature ability. Once wielded by a templar long since passed, Kiru continues his legacy of balance through the use of manifested weaponry in the form of two polarizing swords.

The blades themselves, outside of their obvious magical origin, do not wield many special properties outside of the fact they are instruments of war. They are as durable as a well forged SOLDIER sword.  No impossible edges here.

However, with Kiru's considerable potential for applying force, the swords themselves can be rather deadly through brute strength alone. Though this would be the case even if Kiru were using actual weapons.

The swords themselves are very versatile in their conjuration, but have their own limitations. Although the act of summoning them is an at-will ability, maintaining them requires a conscious effort. That is, if they leave Kiru's hands or he is left disoriented, it is more than likely the blades will shatter back into ether. 

Incidentally, this also means they cannot venture far from him without falling apart. They can be thrown, but a great deal of concentration has to be used in order for there to be much impact. The greater the distance, the harder it is to maintain their form.

List your character's weaknesses:

"The bigger they are...." - Kiru is big. This means he's bulky, lumbering, and not particularly graceful. As such, tripping him up will hurt. As would starving the guy. Or anything else pertaining to his size. It's a powerful asset, but it has significant cost.

"Truth between light and dark" - As a result of being exposed to the Templar's materia, Kiru holds a great deal of affinity for the forces of darkness and light. However, it is not simply an affinity, but a state of being. Light and darkness must be maintained in a balance with Kiru. Being exposed to one extreme or the other can cause serious detrimental effects. If he is caught out of balance from either attack or exposure, it can easily cripple him if he is not prepared.

"Make the voices stop!" - Since birth, Kiru has been specifically keen to the emotions and feelings of those around him, but it has also prevented him from using materia.

Kiru is deeply sensitive to those around him, particularly on an empathic level where one could glance the soul. With materia being the knowledge of others crystallized, Kiru's attempts at using most of the stones result in being overwhelmed by the memories inside. There are very few exceptions to this, but healing materia remain the only clear ones. The floes and ripples of the Lifestream tend to have correlation to Kiru's attempts of balance.

Otherwise, raw magic materia or even command materia can leave him crippled, holding his head and begging for the voices to stop.

Similarly, large crowds also have the same effect, for the same exact reason. Imagine being in a concert trying to listen to the music, but all you can hear and focus on are the conversations around you, ranging from a kid's softball game to the feels someone has over a song reminding them of their dead grandmother. None of this can be filtered out. And it happens simultaneously with everything else.


Will this character always be a non-combatant, only battle sometimes, or always act in battle? (Please mark your answer with an X.]:

No, they will never participate in combat ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~[[  ]]
They will rarely fight, even if someone else starts the battle~[[ X ]]
They will always fight back, and sometimes start fights too~~[[  ]]
They will always start fights whenever possible~~~~~~~~~~~[[  ]]

Would you consider your character a... (Please mark your answer with an X.]

Protagonist (A good guy) ~~~~~~[[ X ]]
Neutral (Neither good nor bad) ~[[  ]]
Antagonist (A bad guy) ~~~~~~~[[  ]]

Why do you want to be this character?: Kiru was a character I played in JC when it first began.  It was my first step into SLFF7, and he was met with generally positive response.  I wanted to remake the character for the Midgar timeline, because I felt it was an injustice not to include a character that I've grown attached to over the years.

The best part about this app: even if it falls through, I am still be able to (and will) play the character.

All of this is tentative.  While the basic story of him being an adopted son working to becoming a psychologist and moving to Midgar is very much a thing, all of the elements that would otherwise thrust him into a world he doesn't even know exists can be left excluded and Kiru will still be Kiru.

However, the summoned blades were a trait of his from the beginning, and I would love to incorporate that ability into this variant of the character, with a fulfilling and engaging story to match. Obviously, there's a lot of sentimental value here, and many players from JC will likely remember those blades as an identifying part of the character.
What previous role playing experience do you have?: WoW, Champions Online, various forum RPs, two+ years in SLFF7.  I could use the phrase 'veteran roleplayer' but it sounds so pretentious.

What do you think this character will bring to the SLFF7 RP community?:  The character's focus was and still is the relationships and ties he makes between individuals.  This is fundamental to his character: he needs to be around people.  And he needs to forge ties with them that are deep and meaningful.

Even without the supernatural elements, this fact remains the same.  Although such elements can lead to interesting storylines as to be expected.  I want this to be {wanted} instead of begrudgingly allowed.  Otherwise, it's under false pretenses.

All the same, the community gets a fengoat.  This just helps give a direction.

You will still be expected to follow the sim's rules, please make sure that you have read them before turning in this application. Do you agree to follow the sim's rules, taking into account that if your application is approved, you will be allowed to use your character's special abilities? [Please mark an X in the box next to your answer.]

[ x ]I Agree to Follow The Rules       [  ] I Disagree With The Rules and Will Not Follow Them

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

SLFF7 Midgar RP Community - Revised January 2014
©2014 SLFF7 Midgar RP Community